Оценка на 1 звезду:
1.Very disappointed. Spent a lot of time entering in daily tasks to the calendar and when I was finished I clicked on the calendar and the app crashes and closes. Got the message that there is a bug in the app and to clear the cache. This app is a waste of my time which is ridiculous since the whole premise of the app is to help organize your time....ughhh...Uninstallimg app.
2.It is useless without a subscription. Some basic features are paid. For example, custom recurring tasks, this feature is required in a to-do app to remind you of your tasks on time within a certain period of time, but in this app you have to pay for this feature. It's a useless app, you can use Tick Tick app. If a to-do or reminder app with a free version doesn't have a recurring feature, all the features you give us for free are useless!!!
3.Had this for quite a while now, and discovered that my daily reminder just packs up after about 3-4 days and reminders just stop. I reset the daily reminders, same thing happens again. Thing is, it's irritated me that much that now I remember the daily task because I remember that the app will likely forget about it, so I actually don't need the app any more. If you're looking for reliability, look elsewhere.
4.Shows Google Calendar but doesn't show Google Tasks automatically. I am underwhelmed and don't see the value in paying the monthly / annual fee. I'd rather pay a one time lifetime fee. I hate having to track so many such apps that charge in increments no matter how small over time.
5.When it asks for the email id to login but does not give the option of logging out of the app which simply means that the app is meant primary for data capturing for its selfish needs and moreover the biggest problem is that in this age this app does not provide dark mode which is very pathetic to note... I would have given better rating if these options were given.... Wild I have found a better option with all the above mentioned and much more and that too for free
6.Requires an account. I do not care for any syncing, backup, or collaboration featuress. This app is said to not contain ads, so it's very suspicious that they want to force me to sign up. I expect them to sell user data to make money
7.I might give it a chance again if they ever dismissed the ad for workspaces that is permanently placed on the list screen. Tarnishes the whole experience.
8.I used to love this app, but recently they did a big push for premium. At the same time, I started having a huge issue with my lists not opening. The screen shows, but it is grayed out and I can't click on anything. I tried the premium to see if that would help, but it hasn't. My lists are inaccessible to me. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app to noavail.
9.UPDATE: I appreciate the developers reaching out after seeing my review, but I think the issue is pretty self explanatory. I don't have the time to go back and forth with the team to trouble-shoot this simple issue. Just fix the bug or patch with an update. FIRST REVIEW: I enjoyed the new "My Day" feature only twice because it never worked again after that. The app can't load any of the tasks for me to schedule "My Day". What a shame since it's alot more useful than "Moment"
10.Really annoying. It was, until the last update, (and it still a bit is) a good product. That's why I bought the premium subscription, but I'm done with it. Because the support is just not supporting. We had tens of emails and no progress at all about some bugs. They're not reading what I wrote carefully, not checking the screen shots I've shared with them. The only thing they do is finding excuses and sending some prepared texts...
11.Was a really good App and helped out with the scheduling and planning of my business. However I paid for the premium upgrade and never got any of the bonuses. The notifications don't come up on my phone and despite trying all sorts including contacting support they refuse to work ever since paying for the upgrade. In fact the App is now telling me to pay for the upgrade again and pretending I haven't already upgraded. 🤯 Super rare for me to give a 1 star review but i got nothing for my money.
12.This app became absolutely awful. I used it some years ago and it was the best mobile task tracker. But now it works bad: I can't add tasks in "my day" list, when I going to remove completed tasks animation works wrong, pop-up with task reminder looks ugly and "moment" day planner just never shows... Fix it please!
13.Don't believe anything they have said here! I've been waiting over a year for my issues to be fixed! The app has become wildly unstable, crashing constantly. Repeating reminders don't repeat, the GUI is full of bugs so getting it to do anything you want it to do is like rolling the dice. I could go on. They're happy to take your money but won't do anything to fix the problems.
14.Started a free trial to premium without my permission, can't take it off. Im not going to pay for it so I don't want it there so that I don't use premium features on accident and get used to them. Tried to delete account to start over and do differently but every time I type in the password to delete the account I get an error message. Waste of time. Going to use a different app.
15.update resulted in broken grocery list! plz fix asap! going shopping this afternoon and items are no longer sorted by grocery store categories! every item is all together and sorted alphabetical!!! that will double my shopping time trying to figure out what i need in each isle and going back and forth when i find the items i missed! new app also is missing any kind of menu where we can report problems or ask for help! terrible! give us back the old version while you fix this broken one!
16.Any Do Doesn't Do anything , it sits with a list and you can't set a time for axtask goal or diet . The UI is cluttered and Confused .
17.Watch out if you get premium - you can only unsubscribe via the way you signed up. e.g. If you signed up on desktop you can't unsubscribe in the app. There isn't even a link to unsubscribe on the website. They don't send any renewal notifications so best thing to do is sign up and cancel premium straight away as you will still get to use it until the expiry date. That way if you end up removing the app you won't forget to unsubscribe. They could choose to be better, but don't
18.Where should bugs be reported? On v5.17.0.68, I'm repeatedly encountering an issue where scheduled Tasks will either not pop up their notifications or when they do pop up, they'll appear momentarily in the notifications list and then suddenly disappear. I've been using Any.do for years and have never had it behave in this manner. I heavily rely on Any.do to keep track of things daily and it's causing me a lot of anxiety having this uncertainty of Tasks randomly disappearing. Please advise.
19.I have been using Premium for years and also recommended the app to others.NOT ANYMORE! When I add a new task today,the app automatically gives a time, which I don't want, so I have to go back and disable the time...the app is wasting my time! I sent an email to support...their response...hit the +by Someday. Why would I want Someday when I am doing the task today? No help at all. Any.do has a Google Play Store rating of 4.4, I am moving on to another app with 4.8 and working out fantastically!
20.All of the great features such as list sharing grocery list categorization, and easy to use UI are being "phased out." I also got a charge of $39 dollars to my account without authorization for a "yearly subscription" when I had never had one before. Bad customer service and shady dealings.
Оценка на 2 звезды:
1.If you try to add something to the app using the share button, there seems to be a word limit. That means long website addresses won't get added in full and that makes me not rely on the app for saving links and such from across the web or whatever. Already done. They said to wait for a fix through an update around a month ago. Still none. Also, on your website it's says calendar is there on windows. There is no option in the app so where is it ? Neither in the webapp.
2.It's free without ads, and it looks nice. But it does ask to subscribe to premium a bit obtrusively, and the overall feature set is too complex.
3.This app is good for non technical people, but they introduce many major design changes and it's not at all customisable. So I developed an html js page, used the browser storage, and auto-download the data (json) as per some conditions. I have another app that syncs my downloads with my Google drive so that takes care of backup. I have customised that page to my needs and have been much happier person now :)
4.Exactly what I was looking for. 16/03/2021. There have been some updates since then which have really worsened this up making me consider uninstalling it. Please, please developers, revert it back to how it was 2 years ago :'( For example whereas before I could see the calendar by month, now I can see it only by week which is really inconvenient. It is also bugging and going to February from the current date.
5.Not very intuitive and smart typing doesn't work across the different views; you have to be in a specific list. It's more convenient to be able to quickly add a task to a specific list from anywhere. Also, lack of task duration doesn't encourage practical planning; users can get carried away by adding too many tasks for a particular day and not achieve them despite all their planning. Stable desktop & mobile app; experienced no problems with syncing.
6.Great straightforward notes app...when it works. I've always found it a bit glitchy but it seems to be getting much worse recently. To the point that it's almost impossible to use. Would not recommend and will be looking to find an alternative app
7.This used to be an amazing app. Now, i wouldnt recommend wasting your time with it. Recently, a lot of it has changed. Like for example, one of my favourite features of this app was that it would give you suggestions for your to do list like "finish" or "clean" or "buy" like sentence starters to prompt the ideas. Then they phased that and a bunch of other stuff out and now days it's just like every other to do list app. Seriously. Don't download it, it's not worth it.
8.It's extremely confusing. If you accidentally marked a repeating task as done and restore it, it shows multiple tasks including the original repeating tasks which date then shows the upcoming date. Marking a task with subtopics as done automatically marks everything is done instead of reminding you that it includes subtasks that needs to be completed... My ADHD can't with this app. It drives me mad.
9.App doesn't autosave. If we write a task and press home / the screen goes off, our unsaved task will be gone. Not robust enough
10.Decent but recent changes ahem Omer are not helpful! It's giving less sticky, pushing new features (😴) and makes me want to move to another app!🤭 I doubt replying to their customer feedback will get any changes. The priority will be paid customers naturally.
11.Wear OS integration stopped working. It just shows me an alert "Be sure to install the app on your phone first" even though I have it installed. I tried to reinstall the app on my watch but I can't even find it in the store anymore :( Please help me.
12.Very buggy. I've had syncing issues with recurring tasks and now when I open the app, the add task pop up appears at the bottom of my screen. I have to back out of that every time just so I can see my calendar or list of tasks. For an app that claims it will save you time, I've found the opposite to be true. I'll attempt to use it until my subscription is up for renewal. Definitely not worth the $35.99 I spent and I won't be investing in another year.
13.getting ready to uninstall. Keeps coming up with a notification saying it added bubba burgers and other stuff to my grocery list. Obviously paid promotions
14.I believe the WhatsApp integration feature hasn't been working as expected. I've set a few daily task reminders on the app and turned on WhatsApp integration. I did get the reminders on WhatsApp a couple days but not anymore. Anytime i go back to edit a daily task all over again i get reminder the next day but not after that. Am I missing something. I'm asking specifically about the WhatsApp reminder as I don't check app notifications.
15.Seriously Lame! – Seriously limited interface. – Only a few characters can be used per entry. – Not easy to use. – Task entries are huge, taking up screen real estate. – Doesn't handle projects. – Doesn't connect with other major apps. – Help system is ineffective. – I don't see any.do being anywhere near as effective as my multi-point diary. Any.do doesn't ask enuf of the right questions. It's not engaging, but boring. – Any.do is get getting left in the dust of the competition.
16.Very useful app except something has happened with the grocery list. I subscribed just for this list and now it looks like I will be removing my subscription. Dropped from 5 star to 2
17.I want a day planner that lets me set a time for tasks without there always being a reminder notification. This app can't seem to provide that. I'm also not happy with how the free option wasn't made available to me during sign up. Seems fishy to say "free forever" on the homepage, but when it comes to signing up, I only saw a 7 day free trial. The help section was a joke, so I unsubscribed immediately.
18.Getting slightly annoyed at the new "my day" that has replaced Moments. Not only the list to choose from completely ignores that some tasks are already scheduled for later, but it is also impossible to reschedule on the fly using this function. I find it now much harder to organize coming tasks over the week than with the previous versions.
19.I hate that you've removed categories from grocery list. The suggestive item feature is also gone. Stop saying an update is an improvement when it doesn't progress the experience.
20.New update broke grocery list. Can't even add a category. Please fix or I'll find another list...or a piece of paper.
Оценка на 3 звезды:
1.Time to revise I guess! The app worked fine but I cannot end the billing. I stopped working a year ago. I have contacted them several times. I reinstalled the software because they said subscription was controlled n app. I cannot stop their billing. I am on fixed income since last yr but I cannot stop their billing. I have tried since 2/23! I wouldn't sign up again if I can get unsigned I get report through my Google but there is no active subscription to disable. DON'T subscribe! DO NOT DO IT!
2.No option to make all tasks as default list, if i prefer to open all tasks then each time i have to press home button and then all tasks
3.I have used this app for many years, but within the last few months, several times a day it will get stuck when typing a new reminder, and I will have to completely shut down the app to get it functioning again.
4.i don't often give bad ratings, as i value everyone who code, and even if i don't like something, other users may find it useful. But what i've encountered in this app is another level. Nearly every section of the app is not working correctly, which is an astounding achievement. i've submitted lengthy examples in the website "Contact us". In short: there's no due dates + extremely inefficient way how we can manage our lists/tasks + doesn't show what we missed, etc. So literally the basics wo
5.Worked great for years. Now they require a log in. I don't want my lists on a server, only on my phone. How do I get access to my lists without logging in so I don't have to recreate (remember what was on them)? I need to move to a different program.
6.Was initially a 5 star review, as all was very useful. However, over the last month or so it has been experiencing alot of instability. Frequent "lock ups" (screen freezes and won't do anything till it's forceably closed), crashing, not saving data correctly, or at all (very frustrating if you have written something lengthy). I've now taken to drafting anything I put in there in another app first (which is pretty ridiculous). Unsure if this is due to app "load" as I have alot of data stored.
7.a lot of errors and bugs on the android app that they don't know how to solve. Respond- your team is aware they tried in my case several times. And telling to reinstall is not a professional solution, it works for couple of weeks and then collapses again.
8.this used to be my favorite app for planning my day and I would get a lot more done with the "start your day" feature, but since the update a few months ago making it "more intuitive" made it less intuitive for me, and after months I still haven't been able to get it to work the way I'd like it to. to sort out my pending tasks for the day.
9.brilliant app, worth the money, but please please please fix the annoying main screen. Whenever you open the app it doesn't allow you click on anything, until you type something in the box at the bottom. I'm not always opening the app to set a reminder, sometimes I just want to look at my lists. I'm forced to hit the back button or type something and cancel it, before I can touch anything else on the screen.
10.useful for lists, but too many newer features you can't disable cluttering the app, making it inconvenient to use. I have used the app for years, before premium was a thing, taking break over the last year. this issue had only started occurring after updates that had happened more recently, adding new features, but cluttering the ui.
11.Really not liking how they got rid of the filter by time option in 7 day view. I still like this app but that is definitely a step backwards!
12.Alot of great features that I normally find helpful. Biggest plus with this is the reminder, location, my day tasks, and the focus timer! With all that said their were things it lacks like customization of color theme, visual layout format options, additional description for subtasks, showing all features for your tasks in one go rather than selecting written task again to access additional tasks feat, home/setting button disappears when in non- home view. Feels disorganized and glitches often.
13.It used to be awesome but I've been having way too many bugs that have almost made it useless. Tasks will disappear after having just added them. Another is having subtasks get locked and unable to edit, or they disappear entirely without having checked it. The grocery is no longer sorting by department (Pantry, Dairy, Meat) and is throwing everything into other. This was especially useful so I saved time reviewing the list and not having to backtrack in the store.
14.Response to dev: I'm removing the complaint about recurring events, they do have them its just kind of weird to set up at first. As for pricing, I'm just going off of the integration ad from the app itself. If Zapier integration isn't legit then your app has been compromised. Its alright for a basic to-do list. Nothing fancy, not a ton of features by itself. Clean, and simple. Offers integrations through Zapier, which is very expensive for individual users.
15.Bottom Pop up notification for task not working for my phone.
16.I liked it a lot more before they changed the UI. Now it takes 3 actions to get to the reminders list I use it for.
17.Really difficult to review. Have been using this for years but now dropping out of use. If you just need a very simple task list with in-your-face reminders then this is the only one on the market that. It's reminders jump out. If you Keep it simple then it is ace. But big flaws too. New features keep in getting introduced in a way that are not compatible with old ones. And some features introduced but dropped. Some ideas just not really followed through properly. So close to being amazing.
18.This app is simple yet functional. I love everything about it and I definitely recommend it. I even tried other popular apps (like todoist) but they don't compare in both simplicity, functionality, and UI. However, any.do glitches horribly. The problems used to be fixed by clearing cache, but now that doesn't even help anymore. I'm now trying to just keep the amount of my tasks really small, which helps. Though really this app should be able to handle more than 40 tasks.
19.Where are the notifications? I don't know why but sometimes it does NOT send notifications. I don't know if it's a bug or from a new update. But the notifications don't appear and they are on the app. I rely on the app for many things. Guess I should not. Besides, the app itself could be more clear and user friendly. I don't understand why there are tasks that are overdue on the app, and many things there.
20.the original anydo was better formatted when I was making my Grocery list.i appreciated anydo for completing the spelling of a grocery item and anydo would also format the item to the appropriate section such as if I typed steak anydo would put steak in the meat column
Оценка на 4 звезды:
1.I have just started to use Any.do, works really well with me so far. However, I would appreciate it, if there is a possibility, where I can check the completion of tasks. To be able to mark completed task once done and to show unfinished ones. If the option is already there, please guide me to be able to do it.
2.The app is great overall. The push for premium is a bit annoying.
3.The app itself is nice, however it is missing import features for Google Tasks and Microsoft to do. They claim to offer Wear OS support, but Samsung Smart Watches aren't supported ⁉️
4.Good, but recently the app has started opening in a random task list rather than All Tasks as it used to. This is annoying.
5.I just got the app and it seems good. One thing I would suggest is to delete text after someone clicks the suggested grocery item in grocery list. I dont want to delete the text again to be able to write another item
6.Can you make a widget for "my day" please
7.Would love if there was a feature for example where you could draw and add stuff in the notes that you can be able to edit. But anything else is dead perfect with the app would recommend it to everyone
8.Love the app, but when I transferred it to a new phone, it prompted for a login, and I can't remember my password. Went to do a password reset, but my wifi security won't let me access the page from the link Any.do sent for the password reset. This is the first time that my wifi security has EVER rejected a link to a password change. That's really NOT cool. I refuse to override and risk my internet safety, so my lists are all lost. Get rid of the hacking/invasive code in the password reset link!
9.Great app. I'm not giving 5 stars because my day list on mobile is too plain text and looks like list instead of a kinda card for each tasks, this is why I wasn't able to intuitively know that you could press and hold each one to move them. Also the press and hold is way too stressful for the drag to be activated - I try many times before successful moving items. I do not also know why on the Today list (in the Next 7 days page has all the list of my tasks, both the ones for today and others.
10.This one is simple and easy to use. I do not use it to organize all work. I use Any.do to keep notice on work/activities with no specific time or deadline. These activities are often work I really want to do. but keep easily forgetting. Any.do helps me keep track of those activities and get them done. Thanks for the simple UI and focus. 🙂
11.I used to love this app, my wife and I both had subscriptions to premium. Through no direct fault of it's own though, I have to quit it because Google no longer supports third party lists in assistant and that is one of the biggest uses I had for premium. Without premium it doesn't do enough for us. Thanks for the generally good app, I hope folks who aren't tremendously tied into the Google ecosystem can keep you going strong!
12.I love this app and have been using it for many years. I rely on it. Lately, Repeat reminders keep failing regularly. You'll find them in your list as if it popped up to remind you, but hasn't. Basically some will remind and some won't, you have to reset them. Hopefully it'll be resolved, it's a great app to have.
13.I have used Any.do for quite a while, especially for shopping lists on my phone. After a recent update, I cannot find a way to add to any list I have. That was my original review after an update. The help center was great and after only 2 emails and a screenshot, I was able to add to my lists again. The update made the feature to add items to my lists have a different look but it all works well now that I know the new look.
14.Doesn't give notifications in my Redmi note 11. Still, I'm giving 5 stars because I know that you made the app properly but MIUI killed your notifications. UPDATE: Lets say I have 100s of tasks per day. In the widget there is no way to know which ones got triggered today and which ones didn’t. Please make this change and you’ll get 5 stars from me.
15.Any.do - To do list & Calendar is hands down the best productivity app I have ever used! It has completely transformed the way I manage my tasks and schedule. The app is incredibly intuitive, user-friendly and has a beautiful design. The ability to create custom lists, set reminders, and integrate with my calendar has made my life so much easier. Plus, the sync feature ensures that I never miss a beat, even when I switch devices. I appreciate that there are advanced features available.
16.better one of the hundreds of apps I've tried in this category I would definitely say top 10!! it's definitely a different look and approach to the "to do" or "List" apps that are usually out there! you could say it's more of a simple or easier way of looking at everything that you need to accomplish as it uses the today tomorrow and some day layout but it can also be useful for details as it has the options for subtasks if you so choose! keeping it for a while for sure over a bunch of others
17.This app is awesome to manage to do list and the sync across devices feature is exemplary. The tags are absolutely useful in sorting and enhance the productivity. One feature I would love to see is its full fledged availability on Samsung galaxy watch 4. As of now, i can add task from watch 4 but i can't see my list and all the previously added tasks from the watch. If this app compatibility for samsung galaxy watch 4 running on wear OS is done, then I am all 5 stars for this app .
18.Absolutely love that it seems to always be open and available for me to quickly add a note or memo or a reminder having ADHD and being a mom I tend to forget almost everything this is by far the best one I've come across! Please add a Galaxy Watch version!!
19.Really useful, but needs a 30 minute quick snooze option in between the 15 min and 1 hr snooze options, so we don't have to use "custom" to figure out a 30-minute snooze. Other than that, it's great!
20.My wife and I use it for shopping lists. It's not as easy as the old Wunderlist and wants to do more like notifications, scheduling, and sharing than I care for. No ads at least. It is the best I've found though.
Оценка на 5 звезд:
1.this app is truly freaking awesome. they really put so much thought into making it what it is .. it's literally perfect for someone like me who NEEDS personal interactions (even if it is just with AI, lol).
2.Love the minimalist UI! It is a very slick app so I'm motivated to populate it with tasks and events in order to get better organized! I contacted tech support several times to get clarity on a few things and I have to say their support is fantastic (shout out to Tali over at Any.do!)!
3.this app is def different than any other to do/productivity apps out there but it's REALLY WELL DONE IN PRETTY MUCH EVERY WAY... only thing maybe suggest is add pomodoro timer/countdown option for each task made so progress tracking is optional BUT LOVE THE SUGGESTIONS 4 ALARMS AND AUTO TIME PLACEMENT (ex. LATER TODAY - 1 PM for a task made at 1030 am that morning 😀
4.great for tracking self-care and managing to do and other life management stuff. integrates well with Google calendar
5.till now its really good
6.Excellent app for maximum productivity!
7.Very good application. There is a widget that allows you to enter in a new task with natural date and time language and it will properly decode and set the reminder. This makes it very fast to quickly add new tasks. Also the web app that accompanies it is very well made. My only gripe is that long tasks get cut off and you need to select them to read.
8.My phone was a little old and was having bugs and I asked the tech people if they could fix it. They let me know it may be a while to do the update for old phones. But within a month my phone was able to be updated! You guys rock! Thank you so much!
9.Really like how it syncs on everything. My tasks and lists are organized and I can set reminders. Everyday I'm promoted to organize the day.
10.Without a doubt the best task organizer among dozens I have tried. Have been using it for years and I can't function without it. Very smooth overall user experience, functional and intuitive. It can be used as a simple to-do-list as well as a more sophisticated organizer. The dev team behind the app seem to be working actively as I notice regular updates and new features. If Google calendar is not your cup of tea, then the next thing to try would be Any.do, before anything else.
11.love this app. the one thing I need it to do is help me realize when a task is not really a priority, break it down or put it in an archive. I need to keep focus on just 2 or 3 things each day outside work.
12.my phone bit the dust and I couldn't find the old app that I used. I'm so glad that I stumbled on this one. I love that you can have as many lists as you want on this app! I keep my to-do list, grocery list, supply list and other lists in here all in one place! so easy to check off or add to. and no annoying ads and it's free!
13.Really easy to use. Grateful that it has no ads. I often use it to make sure that I don't forget simple and small tasks in a day. Recommend for everyone!
14.Much improved experience from before, would be super helpful to see when the tasks were originally added, and it's edit history if possible (or at least when it was last edited). Overall very solid app, easy to navigate
15.Any.do is the best to-do list app I've ever used, and I've tried a lot of them. It's perfect for people with ADHD like me, who have trouble staying organized and remembering things. The app is super easy to use, with a clean and intuitive interface. You can create tasks, lists, and projects, and then set due dates, reminders, and tags. Any.do also integrates with your calendar, so you can see all of your tasks in one place. I couldn't imagine my life without it.
16.Edit: Ok; OLD- Please allow premium users to remove advertisment banner promoting workspace. It is taking valuable space and also doesn't look good. I would like an option to completely disable workspace feature. In my personal life I don't have any use for such a feature. This feature is more suited to people working in corporate environment. Not needed for innocent individuals like me.
17.Stopped working with Google Assistant. No notice of why. Literally my entire reason for using this app. I'm done. EDIT - My review was unfair. Their response here was measured, professional and appreciated. While I'm disappointed that I can no longer set Any.do tasks from my Google home ecosystem, this is Google's fault for discontinuing compatibility, not Any.do's. The fact that I'm so frustrated to lose Any.do integration speaks to the seamless, intuitive interface of their excellent app.
18.Stopped working with Google Assistant. No notice of why. Literally my entire reason for using this app. I'm done. EDIT - My review was unfair. Their response here was measured, professional and appreciated. While I'm disappointed that I can no longer set Any.do tasks from my Google home ecosystem, this is Google's fault for discontinuing compatibility, not Any.do's. The fact that I'm so frustrated to lose Any.do integration speaks to the seamless, intuitive interface of their excellent app.
19.I'm so tired of holidays being listed 3 times on each holiday. I've tried everything to fix it. Edit: I began emailing back and forth with the any.do team and they were able to help me fix the issue. Updated my review. Much appreciated!!!
20.Love this app and been using it for years, it has a handy auto-category-sorting function for grocery lists. And customer support team was very helpful too!
