1 звезда:
1.Nice to do app, the only thing I miss is a configuration to keep the missed tasks in My Day. Update: the widget is really buggy, I need to remove it and place it again every few days because it stops refreshing, please fix it
2.Was annoyed by a pesky alarm on my phone. Literally weeks went by trying to get rid of it. After a factory reset with complete erasure of everything on my phone, the problem persisted. As I began to research more on the issue I noticed it traced back to Microsoft To Do, an app that I never install on my device. I had set the alarm through Clock. How MTD got involved is beyond me. This app should be outlawed and Microsoft sued.
3.Years worth of important things are just gone. No notice or opportunity to change apps. Everything is gone. Wish I could give it a zero.
4.I find I inadvertently delete items way too easily. What makes this really bad is that there is no way of restoring the tasks within the app itself (sometimes possible to recover if you can access Web based Outlook from a PC but that is a major inconvenience for me). I get a bit frustrated that it's not very versatile in how lists can be organised.
5.I find I inadvertently delete items way too easily. What makes this really bad is that there is no way of restoring the tasks within the app itself (sometimes possible to recover if you can access Web based Outlook from a PC but that is a major inconvenience for me). I get a bit frustrated that it's not very versatile in how lists can be organised.
6.Today I found one of my list items had become a list. Naturally nor me or my husband had "remembered to buy it" since it was in fact not inside the list. How the list item became its own list, well that's a feature of course. That you appearantly can missclick without even watching. One star might be extreme but this now is costing us another run to the store. That's at least 30 minutes, wasted.
7.There's no recent edits or undo functionality to the tasks. There's also no save button. So you can lose all your changes if you made a change elsewhere, and somehow it didn't get updated to their servers, then view the task on another computer, and nothing has changed. Worse, your new changes on the first computer never went anywhere and you're stuck remembering what you had typed or missed.
8.Missing so many vital features. Ok only for basic things like shopping list. Missing SO MANY features offered by apps such as Todoist and TickTick (now my personal choice). For a software giant such as Microsoft, this app is a Mickey Mouse attempt at a proper, mature Task Management tool.
9.I don't know what kind of engagement goals are currently in place, but the constant UI blocking popups begging to turn on features that I have deliberately disabled is tiring. As is the constant begging for a review. So here it is 0/5 stars
10.Call us overprotective.... Where the actual owner finds trouble in logging in. Even after entering the Id and password, it's asks for mobile verification. It's ok. but what if we don't get codes. I found that this was the issue not just for me, but for many. And when we look for any support from Microsoft, here comes the Microsoft website. The most useless I found ever. But just get support, it asks for verification again. But the problem itself is with verification. Then is it the dead end?😑
11.I don't have the opportunity to to use the app and it keep telling me I don't have an Internet connection while I do. As a matter of fact, I had to uninstall and reinstall again to see if there was any error during the installation processes but I noticed it still behave the same way. I don't think I can recommend the app for anyone now except if I had tried it and see that all I wanted it for it performs
12.Since my last review I have noticed Microsoft has added some new features. im very impressed to see that you can now save jpegs however u cant save audio files or video files or word documents it always seems to fail when you trying than open those documents also a very big flaw is it only lets you upload something like 250MB of attachments which is useless. I can upload many many gigabytes of data on other apps and also on Google Drive yet on this app you can't..
13.It had been a very good app, but after some update there are a lot of bugs in My Day. The biggest one: Order of the tasks in My Day is randomly changes twice a day. It totally ruins my daily plans and make me reorder them again and again. Dear developers, could you fix problem as soon as possible? I don't want to change my to do app, but probably I'll have to
14.Would be great if it had two way sync with Google Tasks, tired of having to pick and choose between two ecosystems, it's getting frustrating due to how markets dominate different device ecosystems, and different companies excel at different features.
15.constantly asking me to log in. I don't want to log in on a cellphone that is fingerprint/password protected. especially when the app logs itself out for no reason. there's countless other apps that aren't this annoying.
16.There's no recent edits or undo functionality to the tasks. There's also no save button. So you can lose all your changes if you made a change elsewhere, and somehow it didn't get updated to their servers, then view the task on another computer, and nothing has changed. Worse, your new changes on the first computer never went anywhere and you're stuck remembering what you had typed or missed.
17.Call us overprotective.... Where the actual owner finds trouble in logging in. Even after entering the Id and password, it's asks for mobile verification. It's ok. but what if we don't get codes. I found that this was the issue not just for me, but for many. And when we look for any support from Microsoft, here comes the Microsoft website. The most useless I found ever. But just get support, it asks for verification again. But the problem itself is with verification. Then is it the dead end?😑
18.This piece of junk app has started asking me for a PASSWORD that ONLY THE ROBOTS AND HACKERS seem to know. It was bad enough having to use a security code to get into my own phone, now this nonsense. As for reading a fingerprint, it won't even do that, just lets the camera lens get smudged up. I'm going back to pen and paper for a shopping list. This app is WORSE THAN WORTHLESS, & I want it OFF MY PHONE or else I WILL SMASH IT 🤬
19.Catastrophic deleting function :( If you select an item from your list and use the trash icon shown, it will delete the ENTIRE LIST not just the item!! I lost so many things I wish I could remember doing this once and nearly did it again! So disappointed, wish there was an easier way to select / edit / delete FROM a list instead of deleting the list.
20.Was annoyed by a pesky alarm on my phone. Literally weeks went by trying to get rid of it. After a factory reset with complete erasure of everything on my phone, the problem persisted. As I began to research more on the issue I noticed it traced back to Microsoft To Do, an app that I never install on my device. I had set the alarm through Clock. How MTD got involved is beyond me. This app should be outlawed and Microsoft sued.
2 звезды:
1.Lots of features very large CPU usage.... Any interaction with the app seems to crash my phone. It seems like because it syncs with the other reminders app that I have on my phone that any interaction results in my phone crashing.... But has great features so if it works for you the options and functionality are top of the line.
2.My to do list cannot be modified. This is a problem that I experience for months now. If I want to mark a task of my list as done, or make any change, I go from my reminders list. Last time I uninstalled the app and installed it again, set it up again and it worked for some days and then the same issue. I am thinking of uninstalling it again and use my reminders. In the past I would give 5 stars but now even 2 stars all too many.
3.Seems like basic features are very buggy and poorly thought out. For example, skipping to current task on a weekly task can put the due date more than a week into the future, with the notification date on a seemingly random nearby date that might even be after the due date. Also, after daylight savings ended the notifications were an hour off.
4.App has always worked sporadically, often set reminders don't activate. Since last update will not work at all and am locked out of my task list with messages saying list no longer exists and owner has restricted access. I am the only owner/manager of task list & am signed in. I have paid microsoft subscription so very annoyed that paid for apps that have been set up to make sure critical things are done has failed like this, it is unrealistic to expect reentry/set up of all tasks/dates/reminder
5.I don't know how this app has such a high rating. If we're speaking about services of MS more broadly, e.g. sync between the app and the desktop (DT) version of To-do, this is just a disaster. Tasks that I create on my mobile are not showing up in DT version, then when I click several times the 'Sync' button, it completely DELETES the task that I created on the mobile app instead of ADDING it to the DT version. The quality of MS products is falling down each year.
6.It's pretty good at what it does but it's not perfect . My biggest issue is that It doesn't really have a backup feature You can export your data to be imported into Excel or Outlook tasks but you can't just hit one button and save the entire thing as an editable easy to read format So I basically need to select each individual thing one by one and save it through the printing option which is extremely frustrating and time-consuming
7.This is one of my favorite apps but suddenly today it stopped working on my Android and I get a No network connection please check your network settings and try again 2603. It appears this has been an error on desktops how can I fix it in the app so I can change my rating to a five? my network connections are fine. I use it multiple times daily. Thanx
8.Updated: that was short lived. Same issue always asking to log in between work accounts. Updated: was experiencing login issues with work accounts. Needed to clear data. Reinstall of app does fix issue. Clear app data does. 5 star because it's the best ToDo app I've tried...and I've tried a lot. Well thought out and well integrated with Office although it works great as a standalone app. I use it for multiple businesses, projects, personal etc.
9.Does not 🚫 work 😭 in full potential. Could be better. The overall visually is stunning. Though easy to use, it has issues, when checking task steps. The app erases the task as well, even though there's more steps incomplete.
10.This app was perfect until they decided to do one single "you have things due today" notification instead of individual notifications. I was able to leave notifications until of had a chance to complete the task. Now, I'm forced to open the app (which makes the notification go away) or use the widget (which takes up a lot of screen space). I'm so disappointed by this update.
11.I was enjoying this app, even switched from Google Tasks. It's easy to use but since latest update I now get a notification that reads "It's task time! You have a task due today" instead of a notification about the task itself. That means having to open the app to find out what the task actually is instead of dealing with it from the notification area. That's a deal-breaker for me. This is MS insisting we do things their way instead of actually assisting us to get things done.
12.I have enjoyed using this app for several years now since Wunderlist kicked the bucket, but lately it has been getting rather slow and you literally have to wait half a second or so each time you open it if you had a task opened before navigating to another app then coming back. If they can focus on performance it would be a 5 star app. Oh, and the calendar still can't choose Monday as the first day of the week ☹️
13.The app is good. But the widgets do not sync the tasks at random times. For example if I add or complete a new/old task, the task will not be cleared or shown up in the widget. I had to remove the widget and add it again. PS: I faced the same issue when I was using Moto G6, now I'm using Vivo IQOO Neo 6 mobile. (It's not about the mobile).
14.There is no overdue section. Repeating tasks get stuck in that day if I don't complete in that day and don't show up in the MyDay(today's task) section. It needs to be manually skipped to the next set date. Which is annoying and tiresome. Interface is good but missing basic functionalities.
15.Notification options need a ton of work. I need notifications for one list, but not my others. So I have to get obnoxious notifications for multiple lists all the time because I can't turn them on for just the one I need.
16.Decent app, it was better as Wunderlist. Giving it 2 stars because the auto suggestion feature continues to turn itself back on every time you open the app. I don't want the feature and it should be a toggle in the settings app to turn off not on individual lists! Apps should defy users settings!
17.When trying to open a task on Samsung mobile there is a message that says unable to edit list. Have to reinstall app all over again to edit list.
18.The new "auto-complete suggestions enabled" feature is loathsome. I have to turn off this nuisance in the list options for EACH list EVERY time I reopen the list. You should be able to turn it off in the app settings, and it should stay off when you turn it off. Worst, the list option to "turn off auto suggestions" is where a fat finger can do the most damage: right below "delete list"! I accidentally deleted a list with dozens of repeating items.
19.This used to be a 5-star app. Loved it when it was "Wonderlist", and also when Microsoft first acquired it. This latest update has rendered it useless as a phone app, which is the whole point of using it... to keep lists and notes on the go. Now it only works on my laptop. On my phone, the cursor is all over the place, and the scroll bar moves up and down of its own volition.
20.I love the concept of this app, with sharing capability, but when I have to turn off auto-suggestion literally every time I open the app, I want to throw my phone across the room... Seriously how hard is it to respect my wishes with settings. Incredibly frustrating. Would be an easy 5-star otherwise.
3 звезды:
1.Using a personal account, this app appears to be flawless. Great for keeping track of various lists. For business accounts, this app is full of bugs. Things like lists not updating, items vanishing, and app crashes. This makes the app virtually useless for businesses, and this needs fixed.
2.When adding a task from Outlook you have to use the app to add dates and times. This then creates a separate task. It makes your list become wildly unorganized and is super annoying.
3.Early days but works well for me, nothing to compare it to. Other than moving tasks into groups. If I'm not scrolled all the way down, dragging an item into a group will sometimes remove all the other tasks from that group. It's frustratingly finicky.
4.The typing command to create tasks on PC is completely different from the command to create tasks on mobile. Needs consistency between the platforms
5.After a while using this app, I noticed my phone "stops" the UI operations. It boils down to the Microsoft To Do app. Almost every time I use the app, the smartphone "hangs" and/or stops the UI operating software. All other apps works without any slowdown. "Update": Yep, this app still alone keeps "crashing" phone. All other apps only phone works normally.
6.The app works fine so far. However, a major issue with this app is the inability to see a list of existing tags. There's confusion when there are a lot of tags. There should be a section/list where all tags that have been created can be viewed and such tags should be automatically deleted when there are no tasks attached to it.
7.Mostly does what I want but I don't like the fact that a task that wasn't complete from My Day disappears the next day meaning you have to manually move it into My Day again. If a task isn't complete, it should stay put until it is. For that reason alone, I stopped using this app as it becomes a chore to have to manually shuffle around tasks just so they show up in My Day.
8.this app is ok - really severely just ok. There doesn't seem to be a way to have uncompleted tasks roll over to the next day. Tasks that have no due date just stay hidden in their folders. The organize by due date feature in My Day doesn't work. Some things due today just don't show up in My Day, while other things due tomorrow or next day are there. And finally, there's no way to add due dates to steps of projects.
9.No Gmail integration!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Need to add Google tasks otherwise need to abandon this app for one that can both Google and Microsoft tasks.
10.I really like it, but: - Reminders for recurring tasks are set on a date, instead of being relative to the due date e.g. "the day before at 6PM". - Picking dates for recurring monthly/yearly tasks should let me pick "3rd Thursday of the month" or similar. Google Tasks has this. - Suggested emojis for list groups have no padding between the text itself. - The "Planned" list group widget ALWAYS groups by list group, instead of date. - I cannot create custom sort criteria such as due date + group.
11.Frustrating!!!!! The erratic behaviour of the widget makes me want to pull my hair out. Frequently, my tasks vanish from my home screen for no justifiable cause. But they're still there when I open the app! Whenever this happens, the only way to restore my tasks to the home screen is to delete the widget and bring it back from the launcher settings. It's a frustrating bug, and has lasted for too many updates. Microsoft, I know you aren't listening, but do something about this, por favor. 😫
12.Still not 100% useful and just falls short. Missing feature on mobile app that improves productivity: (1)Snooze should also have option for tomorrow and next week(there are some tasks which needs postponing to later day or week and opening full calendar is boring and slow). (2)date selection there is no option to reset to current(to quick set date to today for a past task) - (3)Time selection there is no option to reset/quick select today
13.This was the best to do app I've used before the last update (not sure which one). I have this reminder that I set on 12:00 everyday but it keeps remind me in the morning telling something like "we are not forget about your task" which is dumb. I want it EXACTLY at 12:00 not the day. Pls fix this. Or if the problem is on me pls suggest. Thanks.
14.Very good, except when the clocks change in the UK, then all the reminders are one day out for some reason
15.I really like this app. But there are two huge flaws. 1) You can't move/add an existing "task" to a list. This app is clearly built with the concept of tasks and lists. But if you make just a task, while not in a list, you can't move that. And 2) Dragging a list to a group is all messed up. I can't imagine this is my device, it's brand new. But when I attempt to drag a list to a group it just removes the existing lists from the groups and makes a big mess. There needs to be a UI option for this.
16.So far the app has been great as a day-to-day Todo list on both Desktop and Android. But there's a bug that I found that pisses me off: - On Android when I click the ➕ button, it opens up the keyboard; if I try to cancel and go back to see the list it does one of the three things: 1) Hides the keyboard and other UI (textbox, suggested items, etc) 2) Hides the keyboard but still shows the UI 3) Goes back to main menu with all the lists Please fix, Microsoft.
17.I was forced over to Microsoft to do when MS bought Wunderlist and promptly killed it. Mist like most things Microsoft buys, the product becomes worse. For personal to do lists, it's great. But don't both sharing lists. There's been bugs around for years that have never been solved that mean that some peoples shared lists stop syncing between accounts. I'm going to be finding a new to do app.
18.Almost does what I want it to. Simple to use and allows you create multiple lists, add tasks, allows scheduling, recurring tasks etc etc Biggest frustration is that "my day" gets cleared at midnight. This doesn't work for those who like to plan the night before. I'm having to come up with convuluted ways to plan my day so as to have my list in particular order. Would be good to have toggle option to allow for both ways of working, or a button that allows you to clear "my day". Please fix this
19.It does what to-do apps do. You make a list and check the items off. You can set reminders and due dates/times per item. What I don't like about it is that it doesn't sync with a calendar. These are tasks that require time to complete. Meaning that time should be blocked out on your calendar so that you don't over book yourself. I'd like to see it automatically add the tasks to whatever my default calender is.
20.The app is great, would have used it as my free replacement to todoist, but there were two dealbreaker issues with it. 1. The widget didn't refresh at times, it remained stuck, the only way to fix it was to delete it and add it back again to the homescreen. 2. The notifications dint work.
4 звезды:
1.Execellent app. Just needs some more customisation features and sync with calendar and this will better than Google.
2.I love that you can schedule stuff quickly into a day and bump it around as needed. It helps that it can be used on a mobile or desktop device. It would be nice if the steps in each task would allow for more space for writing. The notes section is useful, but it's sometimes nice to write longer portions for specific steps. Overall, I'm really happy with this app so far and would definitely recommend it.
3.Great overall look and feel to the app. One big thing I wish was available as a feature: Please provide an option on list settings to delete all completed tasks! I don't want to individually select many completed tasks in order to delete them when I still have tasks on a list. Even a select all completed tasks option would be useful in this scenario.
4.A great app, and so close to being perfect! I just desperately wish it had a way to queue tasks so you know what to do next (perhaps being able to manually add tasks to Suggestions, or create your own queue). I like to plan out what I want to do the next day, in the given week, and in the month, and having different lists doesn't really cut it, since I also use lists for categorization of the kind of task, rather than the time frame in which I plan to do them. Otherwise, it's fantastic
5.It would be better if I could sort tasks by date and time due as well as alphabetically. Also, an interface with the calendar would be useful.
6.This is one of the better task management apps, especially as it's free. Like the ability to have separate lists and my day feature is great. Also the bell sound on completing a task is weirdly satisfying
7.Overall, it is a nice task noting apps. I have two suggestions: 1) Allow transfer of subtask from a task to another within a list. 2) Allow demotion of a task to subtask. Each individual has a different way of working, and providing them the freedom to customize it will help them better utilise the app. If you add these two, I'll happy improve the rating to 5 star. 🙂
8.Over the years, MS todo seems to completely take on all the things wanderlust used to do. Integration was easy too. Now a goto too list. I do want them to make a watch version too so we can use on all platforms..
9.I'm still getting used to this app but I have already found it useful for keeping track of appointments, organizing household tasks and scheduling time for hobbies.
10.I love it. very simple and lovely interface, there are two reasons that I gave 4 stars; 1) I wish you add some more view such as week and month of calendar. 2) when I add an event to my outlookCal, then it automaticalky appears in my To Do List. (But currently it doesn't and I have to add tasks or events again in To Do List)
11.can we sync with Gmail/google task too? I love the app but usability decrease with no integration options with different mail providers.
12.App is good, but few features should be there for better experience. 1. App dashboard to show the task performance daily, weekly, monthly. 2. Facility to mark the task that left to be done. 3. Custom notification tunes should be allowed to set.
13.I have been trying to find a free to do list app that actually does what I want and this one is really good. I create categories, reminders, due dates and reorder tasks. My favourite feature is the My Day option. I can move things into my daily snapshot from any category as well as just stand alone tasks. Overall, I give it a 4 out of 5!
14.1) Could you consider to add the function related to Forgetting Curve Schedule? Let people add the task repeated in specific days follow the forgetting curve, and let it easy and convenient to use. 2) Could you consider to add the function related to multiple add/change/edit task after selecting items, it is boring to setting them one by one. And the I'm lazy to create a new folder or list to instead the old one to complete the need I want edit some tasks.
15.Annoying that you have to sign in to use it. There's no option to use it without signing in. However, it works very well otherwise. I use it daily to set myself tasks for the day.
16.this is a great app but can you please make it so that when we click on a group of Lists, it shows the content from all of the containing lists... Its Kinda useful to track down Progress
17.nice little app; easy to use & fairly well integrated with the desktop Outlook. One key thing missing is the ability to see or filter on the 'Category' of a Task as set & used on Outlook Tasks; this really does need sorting out, to enable a seamless experience across both platforms.
18.I really love this app, it's easy to make entries, and it syncs very well across my devices. It also has a lot of leeway with infinite lists. I just have a problem with the sort feature, when I sort by due date it does not reflect the correct sequence even when I've defined the due date and reminder time. Would love to see this fixed.
19.It would be better if it has a calendar view of all the tasks too. So that it will be intuitive to see if one has too many task for a particular day or kind of the volume of tasks per day.
20.Great for keeping track of tasks! I have ADHD, and when ADHD Paralysis doesn't kick in, this is the perfect way to not overwhelm myself. I don't think I could've gotten any work done without this service! 😅 Also, we need more apps to support One UI icons, with Color Palett
5 звезд:
1.Why install other To do apps when your windows pc comes with this pre-installed? Best app, syncing is easy and straight forward to use and just that "ding" sound when you get tasks done is best sound yet! It will be great if Microsoft would add days left feature on tasks with due dates, that why I can prioritize important tasks
2.Way better than Google Tasks or Assistant because the notifications 1. are actually sent when they're supposed to be sent and 2. because they disappear for no reason without you marking as complete.
3.Not used this App before. It took me a while to get used to it, but it turned out great. You set different types of notes in different folders if you want. You can set the topic, time, date, reminders and best of all, you can add notes to the folder, which is not shown on the home screen thus saving space. Would recommend.
4.I like that you can set a due date and a separate reminder. I like to get notifications the day before I have something on, but then still have the task visually in the timeline the day and time it's due, so that I avoid double booking
5.I discovered it 2 days ago. but it's already reminding me of my assignments and homeworks. I'm in university and having a to do list is very helpfull but I never had one place where I can keep it all. it's syncs across all my devices. useful if you need it.
6.Great app. So far I haven't had any problems nor bugs with it. The sync with my computer is always accurate, and so as with my phone. It would be nice if they'd add some customable features as with the wallpapers. But far from there, it's the best app to follow and do your tasks.
7.I use this app for my personal to do lists as well as for work. Seamlessly switches between accounts. For work, the connection to Outlook and flagging email is amazing...create a task from an email, then you can reference that email in To Do. Mark tasks complete in either app and it updates. I can share specific lists with my boss or others, my tasks show up in Planner at work along with other projects and tasks. Very user friendly.
8.Easy & free. No bloatware/adverts. No glitches on Pixel 7 and Poco F3. I like the flexibility that you can alphabetise some lists and due date others. I have come from Google calendar & tasks due to all their glitches. I've also used soooo many that have adverts and pay/subscribe for this/that option. This is perfect for people who live by lists and/or as a training tool/checklist. It would be better for me if an option forthe colour of the list was the same as the text when exported into MyDay.
9.To Do keeps getting better and better. I began using it occasionally a few years ago for some simple to do lists and then not at all for several months. Over time, and with each successive release, its capabilities and usefulness have grown significantly, to the point where it has become an indispensable part of my life - both personal and professional.
10.I was able to set it up on my phone with one way directly to create a new task and another to open the app itself. It really helps for the quick ideas because it limits the amount of buttons I press as well as saving the thought or task for later viewing without me having to close the app or see other notes that might distract me. I press one button, type my thought into a void, and can organize it later.
11.This is my absolute favorite app on my phone, and my PC. The fact that it's so easily ties into Outlook is amazing, and makes my life so much easier. Being able to add individual steps to each task to allow me to complete certain objectives in pieces is absolutely incredible, I feel like I am fully on top of my game and it is impossible to forget anything these days. Highly recommended for anyone that has a chaotic workflow and needs a little organization in their life. Absolutely incredible!
12.The 'To Do: Lists & Tasks' app is going to get me on track. TBH organization has been my lack. I'm finnaly getting everything in order & this app is going to be so helpful. I think it's vital in this day and age to be prepared and organized. Just to gather all emails in one place to manage is nice, and setting tasks with reminders will be just as nice.
13.Edit: everything is working. I reached out to support and they asked to uninstall the app, restart phone, and install. I cleared the cached and data first, uninstalled, restarted, installed and was able to add both accounts without further issues. These apps work great and help streamline daily tasks. These nuances get in the way sometimes but I'm glad it's all working again! Thank you MS Support!
14.This app has been really helpful for managing my schoolwork. I like how I can have different lists for different subjects and add manageable steps to the items on my to do lists. And on my computer I can use the clock app to work on a specific task for a given amount of time. The only minor negative thing is I wish there were more colors to choose from, but I would still definitely recommend this app if you need help staying organized.
15.It's amazing how much better the app is now. I used to struggle with finding the repeat button, but now it's right there and the reminder option always works on time. Some apps make you pay for these essential features, but this one gives them for free. Additionally the list and Group option also helps a lot. Also one can assign tasks from the MS keyboard. Microsoft is really stepping up their game and challenging Google now and I'm loving it.
16.The only to-do list you need. Does everything you need it to. Not only can you list your objectives and due dates, you can also break down the objectives into smaller steps and set reminders. You can also sort your daily to-do list in order of importance. This app has definitely helped me keep my sanity and helped me reach all my objectives. The app itself is also amazing. It rarely, if ever, crashes or has any bugs.
17.With this app one can't forget anything! Simple tasks and daily chores that were awkward to add to the Outlook calendar are easily managed by this app along with complex tasks and events that integrate well with outlook calendar and OneNote. It keep synced with the desktop version and link well with win phone link. Incremental improvements makes it more productive. It's a useful companion to MS Android Launcher. This app is useful to all users even those who are not working in MS ecosystem.
18.I love this app so much. User friendly. I like the sound when tasks are done (ticking). You can add different steps each task (like subtopics that you need to do). It can instantly add list with groups. Unlike the other apps, for me, it is the most convenient and effective for everyday use, especially for managing your tasks and time.
19.I use it every day. It cannot be compared to Google Tasks, because it serves a different purpose. To-Do's best selling feature (aside from its coherance with external digital software) is, in my opinion, the Home Screen Widget, which operates perfectly as a post-it/quick notes/reminder pad effectively instantly available upon unlocking the phone screen. It also syncs with OneDrive/Microsoft 365, and can export to .txt files. I would give 10 stars if I could.
20.Simple yet robust. It's not overly complicated and never asks you to pay. Use it in the browser, app, heck even in the SwiftKey keyboard!