Оценка на 1 звезду:
1.STAY WELL AWAY if you want a reliable and safe system! I'm a Pro user for many years, more than 23 thousand completed tasks. The developers keep re-introducing bugs to the core system tgag had been fixed before They clearly do not automate testing. I constantly supply support tickets for bugs. Getting tired of being a paying beta tester. It used to be good but has gone down hill fast!
2.New interface 1 star for # signs instead of the clean easy to read circles. 🤬 Previous 5 Star review: I'm an Enlightepaid todoist user for years. It is my favorite note app but I also store other information I can share lists with others. The free app is also great & I can share with free users. Besides shopping lists, I use todoist to keep household I formation such as air filter sizes, paint colors, dimensions, etc. It syncs across all devices.
3.Setting Reminder is paid feature for any to-do app..... LOL...... Only this is sufficient enough to rate 1 star and remove app from phone.
4.I had given this app a 5 star before, but this new update has ruined the experience for me. The most important thing is my tasks are literally disappearing! New subtasks refuse to stay put and I just lost a whole task with a bunch of subtasks that was an important thing I was working on 😡 Just disappeared after I rescheduled unrelated tasks. I am also not a huge fan of the visual changes, but one can learn to deal with that. Been using the app for years, and this is quite a mess.
5.You have to purchase a payment plan just to get reminders, this is yet another unprofessional made app that you should not get and it is not worth any of your time. Their is not too many features to this app and just like every other app it is not worth getting. I will be uninstalling and spiting whoever made this for eternity.
6.I unsubscribe 3 times from marketing emails and tips and what not, still receive mail. Well done, now you are blocked and reported for spam.
7.Critical breaking bugs (syncing) aren't addressed for months. Support takes a long time to come to a resolution. Really unhappy with how this is handled from paid software. Genuinely, without working syncing I might as well use pen and paper.
8.Truly hate the new update. Operations take many more steps now. Extraneous symbols add clutter but don't provide extra info.
9.I absolutely HATE the hashtags that replaced the dots today. This is horrible, a huge mistake. Lists should be dots and not hashtags. Please remove the hashtags or at least give us a choice.
10.This app is moving towards the garbage heap. The free tier is a laughable insult now, it barely qualifies as a trial, completely unusable. If you're looking for a todo app, try elsewhere, like zenkit or notion. To top it off, the new android redesign is an unmitigated disaster. Steer clear. EDIT: Updated to say the redesign looks like a$$
11.A useful to do list app with great features, but consistently getting updates making features work worse and decreasing the stability of the app. Recent updates have even shuffled the app layout to be more reflective of a social media app than a to do list app. Cannot recommend based on the downward trajectory; canceled my pro subscription myself.
12.Was really good, but after the last update, it's auto fill makes weird duplicates of whatever I'm typing. November 4th auto fills to November 44th. A cost reminder in the description goes from 80.90 to 80.908090. It is annoying to unuseable depending on task. I am guessing this happens because their auto correct is fighting with my phones(Samsung) built in auto correct but no idea.
13.It's a long time used this app also request for Indonesian language but it's not coming at least for now. As a free user it's time to move to better free todo app. Thanks for help better productivity. 5 YEARS AND NO IMPLEMENT.
14.Reply: It can now be shown but, still, NOT in the same place. I need to see my tasks, including the completed ones, in the same order!! -- Wake me up when you finally be able to mark tasks as done IN-PLACE (Green check, Crossed out, greyed out, stay visible in the SAME place) 😴💤 + Option to "Reset" my account to wipe everything clean as if new without deleting it.
15.Why are there suddenly bold lines separating each task item in the widget? And how can I make them go away?
16.I've heard such good things and I was so excited to try this app... but it just keeps crashing. My phone tells me it has a bug. Now I'm just disappointed. Original review in Feb 2023 Update Oct 2023: Still can't use it. Anytime I try to add a task it just closes. It gives me a warning that the app is buggy and to update and try again once the developer fixes the bugs. Clearly the bugs the developer supposedly worked out are still there. I did get a little farther, at least I got the app to open
17.Horrible app that is continuously loading for 5 mins without showing up the task list. Uninstall & reinstall it to solve the issue temporarily & the issue reappeared again after closing the app. The app didn't have as many technical issues in the past as compared with the recent 1-2 years. Not sure why recently they are lots of tech issue with the app.
18.Unstable: was great, now massively unstable & often inaccessible after the most recent upgrade. Needs a fix asap please
19.Bug. Was excellent but now there's a bug where if you try to add a task, it instantly disappears. It'll stay there for maybe a second or two and it vanishes. The app is now unusable but it was the best to do list app I've ever used so I'm holding out for an update to fix the glitch (fingers crossed)
20.Tried to give this app a chance several times over the years, paid for subscription. Never ended up staying with it. Latest attempt to use (Sep 2023) is also unsuccessful. Was adding tasks for an hour to find out it lost labels for one part of the tasks, duration for another part of the tasks, time for 3rd part of the tasks. Everything is screwed up just with a couple of dozens of tasks. Don't see how to trust it further. Cancelling subscription now.
Оценка на 2 звезды:
1.The search button now insta-crashes the app.
2.I've used this app since 2017 and it's been great. Unfortunately, now it's very buggy and has constant errors. Uninstalled/reinstalled & updated and it's no help. Frustrated to the point of ditching it, which would be a huge hassle.
3.This used to be the best app; I basically ran my life off it. Over the last couple of months, it has been crashing and saying there is a bug. I reached out to support, and after 3 weeks, they have yet to respond. Without being able to open the app, it is (obviously) unusable. Dear Todoist: Please respond to my 2 support emails. That would be dope. UPDATE: To whomever responded to this review, I have yet to be issued a support ticket number. I have sent a third email this morning. Cheers!
4.I used to love love love this app. I have it both on mobile and PC. BUT....recently it became a nuisance to use it on mobile. When I enter a task, and then proceed to insert another one, the second task contains the first task auto populated!!! So I need to delete the prepopulated words from my first task, and continue writing my second task. Do you guys test your apps before running an update!?! I'm sorry that after years of using this, I'm moving to another app.
5.I really like Todoist in theory. It's just incredible how buggy the apps for Android and Windows have been for years now. Bugs remain in the app for such a long time, I'm having doubts anyone at the company uses their own app, which is never a good sign.
6.Totally inferior to Tick Tick. It has an integrated calendar... Just wasted $48.00 today
7.Update: Unfortunately the app is again repeatedly refusing to open, and I'm on my third reinstall in two days. Prev: Thanks, I just reinstalled and it is working again! :) This is an excellent app, and I particularly appreciate the ability to email tasks to the task inbox.
8.I've been using the Pro version for a number of years. I was never very happy with the subscription based model but the app was useful. Now I am told that the Pro subscription will renew at $48/year instead of the $29/year that I have been paying. For me, that large of a price increase just priced me out of their app.
9.I was initially excited, got it all set up with various projects used it for about w week or so , but now it will only open for a second before "stopping" I close it multiple times,but no change . I have sent feedback. I don't want to lose what I've already put in there , but wonder if uninstalling and installing would make a difference. Hope some maybe able to help
10.Since update it crashes constantly. For a subscription service that you depend on its worse than useless since it wastes your time
11.Latest version keeps crashing. 4-5 seconds after loading, it throws an error message. I can do a "forced stop" in Android Settings, but that only helps for a short time. It worked flawlessly for two years befor the August update.
12.Had this app for years. Tonight it started randomly crashing repeatedly, even though I hadn't opened it up since my last restart, and I did a forced stop. Something very fishy is going on. I'm uninstalling it
13.Constant emails from you guys. I've not used the app enough to give an honest review about the app itself as I've been too busy at the minute to properly check it out. But you're constantly emailing me, everyday with tips and tricks. To the point where you're just coming across needy and forceful. Deleting your app. Please, stop emailing me.
14.I used this app for years and loved it. But recently they seem to have removed a feature that has eliminated a great deal of its function: the ability to set customized recurring reminders. This is a huge problem and has made it only half-usable. After years of being in the top percent of their users (something they also got rid of, their annual tracking), I am going to have to find a new app. It's a real shame, because I've been a premium user for so long and always really liked Todoist.
15.Very confusing to use. Recuring tasks just show on the day you don't do them. For example if you set a task recurring everyday, and you don't do it one day, it will not show the next day.
16.had this app for about a year. it was perfect for what i needed it for at first, but now it's practically unuseable. sections and tasks randomly duplicate and can't be deleted without also deleting unrelated items. i tried updating my app, which didn't help at all. sad to see it go, but i use my calendar every day, and the frustration of dealing with these glitches is simply not worth it!
17.Something wrong with latest update? Android widgets are flickering, deleting and re-adding doesn't help.
18.Very good app. I have recommended this to so many of my friends. However, I have paid for an annual subscription for the pro version, but then a month later, I'm unable to use the original pro settings like having multiple projects and setting reminders. Due to new packages introduced to the app, it appears I don't have the access that I've originally paid for, and I've been prompting me to upgrade again. I've tried multiple times to make contact with them to no avail. Please help me understand
19.Push notifications are locked behind in app purchases, so instead they decided to send you unrelated push notifications and emails that have no bearing on your due dates, plus your account is loaded up with all these preloaded tasks that you have to manually delete 1 by 1. There's no way to see what a normal notification would be because there is no trial version of the app for premium features.
20.Had to go back and update my review, as some things really have changed since 2020, and the biggest issue is needing to pay £50 a year for reminders. Reminders! Their natural language processing has gone down as well which is a shame, and I understand that having more things as part of the premium model makes 100% (devs gotta eat), but not having a “view all” as a free or standard “filter” is awful, and I can live with setting one up myself but now I can only have 2 more filters
Оценка на 3 звезды:
1.I really wish they would stop breaking existing functionality. Now the sync does not work properly anymore. I create tasks and make changes on mobile and they don't show up. I complete a task on web, and mobile still shows the task, but when I add a comment on mobile it is lost.
2.I love the app and I am a long-term user. I installed the app on my Galaxy Watch 5, but it used a huge amount of battery power (13% overnight, when total useage was 20%), so I had to uninstall it from the watch. I still use the app on my phone, but I will have to try again after each update to see if the battery useage has improved on the watch. Besides that, I still love the app and I use it daily. 06 Dec update - installed and it used 5.2% battery in four hours of background use. Uninstalled.
3.After the update, the "toolbar" for the widget looks imposing now that I can't have them all in black and white + dark mode + 0% opacity.
4.I've been using Todoist for 9 years, paid and unpaid, across web and mobile. Not sure what they're trying to optimise for here, but recent updates make it more annoying to use. There's now 2 extra steps to bring up the menu when using the 'select tasks' function to adjust multiple tasks. Instead of making scheduling seamless, they're introducing barriers and making it less intuitive to use. It would be a shame to have to move platforms after a decade, but I'll start looking for alternatives.
5.UPDATE: The widget for light theme disappeared, bring it back again without the colored top bar PLEASE.
6.A recent update must have added separator lines to the list widget. It looks terrible having every date and every task separated by a line. Way too much on screen. (Still has lines after the update.)
7.This is a five star app for sure but I just want to get the developers attention that I hate the new changes! The last navigation was so much better than this new one. Hopefully I'm not the only one telling you this and it gets changed back. This was awful! If they change it back I will change the rating. The swipe functionality was so fantastic. Why did you take that away?
8.The app is missing some very simple features. For example, once I sort by priority, I cannot sort anymore. I can't drag one P1 priority over another. The app is missing the ability to add new tasks to the top of your list. For example, if my list contains 30 tasks and a new task comes in that I need to do next, it gets thrown to the bottom of the list. The cost is also a bit weird considering it's lacking features that cheaper apps include.
9.I used yo love the app!! All the features I needed! But since the last updates a lot changes. The major problem is that is not possible to view all the labels in the "today" or "upcoming" view, you now have to open the task. That feature was very very useful to me. And the filter using the labels doesn't solve the problema, because most of my tasks have more than one label. Sad...the app used to be amazing :(
10.I have used Todoist on my phone for years and typically praise it, but in the last month it has been so inconsistent with it either freezing or not opening/just loading a black screen or using up all my power in the background. There are no updates available and I have uninstalled and reinstalled 4 times already. I don't want to lose this app since I pay for it every year but it is basically unusable at this point. Update 10/25/23: the team reached out after an update and it is working now.
11.New​ ​​bug, is that the app is now hanging upon opening (if already open in the background). Numerous bugs exist. The main one affecting me is once you've added a task, it is impossible to amend it as the changes you make will not be saved. Try to change a one-off task due today into a repeating daily task, it recognises the modification by changing the font, but then you click save and nothing happens.
12.An otherwise great app whose usefulness is undone by a core feature glitching regularly: recording your streak. On several occasions now, failure to sync between devices or completed tasks simply disappearing into the ether have cost me my streak of reaching my daily goals. A petty grievance perhaps, but the raison d'etre of this app is productivity, motivation and tracking progress. Sadly, it fails on that last point.
13.It's really a great app. However, I had the subscription for some times, tried sticking to the app but for some reason it feels very limiting to me, both on the free and the pro plans. The 300 tasks limit per project just breaks my heart. If I have a list with 30 tasks, and each one of them have 10 subtasks that specific project list is full. So for managing complex and big amount of tasks won't be enough, even if you pay for it.
14.Update - added a star for the responsiveness of the developer. Awaiting solution rollout. I have used (& loved) Todoist for years; however, the latest update has broken something. Now the widgets constantly get stuck syncing & opening the app results in forced close. Every time. I don't even have to open the app. After reboot, I can be working on something else & my phone UI notifies me that the app has crashed. Pls fix this issue & conduct more careful testing prior to rolling out updates.
15.Latest update has rendered the app unusable. It crashes every time it is launched. Pretty good but when I'm adding a reminder please don't assume the time will earlier in the day than the current time. Also, it goes a little haywire during the transition to/from Daylight Savings Time.
16.It's a fantastic app with a great widget and wear os integration. Is it worth 48$/year (or more)? Absolutely not. Half that seems almost reasonable, but why would I pay more for this than, for instance, Hulu? If you feel like 48/year is fair, consider this a five star review, but, I can't give it five at that price point.
17.Used the pro version of this app heavily for 6 months; I still have 6 months in the plan left, but I am forfeiting the plan because this app is simply not for me. I'm a visual person and I like the ease of planning with a digital calendar. I did not enjoy the gcal integrations as Todoist is already aware of; issues arise when an adjustment is to be made. There are many pros to using Todoist, but the cons outweigh the pros for my productivity system.
18.It's an amazing app for appointments and things of that sort, but if you're looking for daily routine things (like I was), this app is not for you. I would set a reminder for every day but it slowly pushed the date back and back when I would mark it as done before it eventually disappeared from my daily list. I don't know why it did that but I didn't like it very much. I was looking for an app to help me with daily routines, not a calendar like app.
19.The app is good, but the "upgrade to pro" indications are intrusive and distracting. The UI/UX could be improved, and the customization options are too complex. Features are added without considering how they will interact with other features, which can cause problems. For now, I'm better off with the bare bones Google tasks with an awesome calendar integration. Plus, there I don't have to pay for reminders. Would have loved to have todoist lite pro with just the essential features.
20.The functionality is excellent, it all seems good except the wearOS version does not have a tile, i want my watch with a list of the highest priority task and the one with the closest deadline, the first 5 tiles are the one i visit the most, and i NEED a tile, i need to have that list in front of me as much as possible, otherwise is very difficult for me to actually do my tasks and i just ignore them. This app NEEDS a watch tile or i will simply ignore it like all the other task apps i have used
Оценка на 4 звезды:
1.Great app, but you guys nerfed the widget design in the most recent update. Before you could make the entire widget transparent. It was clean and blended in well with the background but now the header is no longer transparent and it just looks bad on the home screen.
2.Would love an easy access pure calendar view, especially if also available in widget form. I know this is more of a tasks app than a calendar app but theres really no reason why it cant have a simple dedicated calendar as well. Also, the Android widget still doesnt sync with the system light/dark mode. Otherwise, its perfect. I've been using Todoist for years and I can't imagine ever going back to life without it. It's the smoothest and most consistent tasks app out there.
3.When I reschedule a recurring task (like for later time the same day) it loses the "recurring" trait, which has been a source of much confusion over recurring tasks "disappearing" after they are completed. This is not an issue if I reschedule such task by clicking buttons like "tomorrow". There should be a warning if a task is about to lose this trait.
4.Todoist is the truly the best to-do app available in the market, especially in terms of its NLP and integrations. I mean it. My issue is with the pricing plans. As a simple user who uses other tools for notes and collaboration, the only useful premium feature for me would be the reminders, which honestly aren't worth the price asked. There are tools like Notion that offers better collaboration features in a more competitive price. I'd prefer a cheaper tier without all these advanced stuff.
5.This is an amazing app for my ADHD, I love it. But some updates make it weird to use. With the latest update, if I make "laundry" a task, then make a new task "Sweep floors" it will put "laundry" as soon as I start typing. If I use a label, sometimes there is no label unless I tap on the task to enlarge the view. Some tasks show the entire label "Medical" on regular view, other tasks show "Me..." and it gets annoying. Overall amazing otherwise. Also would love to see more colors for labels.
6.Its a to do list that can go everywhere with you and no writing! Can prioritize list as well great little app 10/23 edit update. Giving another star back cause it's 4 years later and I still use this app everyday so obviously useful. Recently have had an issue with it not opening up occasionally but for some reason opens if I go to Google play store and open from there. Odd/annoying but still useful and will likely be fixed like the previous issue was which caused me to rate it lower.
7.I have been using this app since last year I guess. App is great and you can add organize the labels to match your subjects. I have been experiencing some problems though. Sometimes it would lag or it is too late to respond and sometimes I can't open the app though it is for a short while. I hope you can fix this
8.shortcuts to quick actions like add task and search have disappeared in last version. edit: no response from the developers, changing the review to 1 star edit 2: developer replied with a link to instructions, which helped: log out and log in again. changed rating to 5 stars. Update: search on non English text stopped working. the tasks with the title using non ASCII symbols won't be found.
9.It would be great if you implement "The Carrot & The Stick" system. My suggestion: Allow user to make a big custom note on the very top of the view about the rewards (if completed all tasks) and the punishment (if tasks are not completed) in "Today" menu.
10.Love this app, I needed something with a widget so I can see my to-dos on my home screen (otherwise I forget!). However I find when I create a new task from the widget, sometimes choosing which project to add it into doesn't work - it adds the text to specify but then it changes to just regular text and doesn't recognise it as the code to specify the project anymore. Otherwise, working great!
11.It is a cool app, with a lot of helpful features. I look for simple features which makes our life tension free and todoist has it. Only problem; well, I would totally appreciate the notification thing which is only applicable to premium customers, but I feel it is a waste of money to subscribe to unlock only that feature. So all good except for that👍
12.I have been using this app for several years. It's great and really helps get the work done! However, I wish it would have a calendar/month view (like Google Calendar or TickTick), not just a small drop down window with the number of tasks. Putting it at 4 stars for now because of that, will change it to 5 if t ever gets that feature
13.Great app. I pay for the subscription because I find the app invaluable for creating structure in my life. However, there was a recent update that changed how reminders are set, and while I do like the new feature, I wish they didn't remove the old one that allowed you to type a specific reminder with your keyboard. For example, I used to be able to type in something like, "every other Sunday at 8am", but now I can only select a specific date and time unless I use Todoist on my PC.
14.A very nice mobile companion to the great management solution. I've been using the Todoist for a couple of weeks now and I'm very pleased with the results. But I think the app would be even better if it had the optional syncing of custom views. Mobile is very different from PC and sometimes I would prefer to see tasks as lists on mobile and as board on PC (or any other combination of grouping/sorting).
15.I bought a new planner around the same time I started using Todoist. I used the planner for about a week. I find with Todoist, the planner is no longer useful to me. The use of tags helps me organize my work and plan my day. It's also very easy to move a task from one day to the next. In my planner, it seemed I was constantly re-writing tasks to the next day and would often lose sight of them. I also like that I can keep notes within a task. This helps me remember any progress or delays.
16.I love this app ❤️, this makes my day exciting, the satisfaction of marking done on the app after completing a task is on next level. The UI and everything is so good in this app. I reduced one point because there are no many options to snooze tasks when they pop in the notification area, rather here in this app we need to pick one snooze time from the settings and it sticks with all the tasks. To the Developer: Please fix this by giving multiple snooze options directly in the notification area.
17.I really like this app and use it everyday. However, these new Pop Ups that come out of nowhere congratulating me on checking off tasks are incredibly annoying. I don't need a digital pat on the back. Maybe some people like that and that's great. Personally, I just want to keep checking off tasks or looking at what's next to do and these pop ups just get in the way of that and irritate me. Can you please make it so I can turn them off? I've searched the settings and I can't find it anywhere.
18.Recent update doubles down on gamifying the app. I had to delete my goals to keep from getting daily and weekly pop-ups when reaching them. There should be an option to stop these pop ups for the people who don't want a full-screen celebration everytime they do their normal day-to-day functions. Not everyone wants a cheering section all the time. Glad it's here for those who do, but I want to be able to turn it off.
19.I love the app - it's been so handy for my university classes, I can make a project for each course and subsections with all my assignments. It's great to visualise what is coming up. ONLY downside I have is that I've recently got a new phone and for some reason I get 0 notifications from the app now - I used to get my daily list of tasks for the day, and now I get nothing, even though all my settings look correct. Bit of a shame, and I'm not sure how to fix it.
20.Excellent little app for managing multiple tasklists in different categories, across several platforms. Easy and enjoyable to use and really helps me keep organised and see everything I need and want to get done. Loses a star for the greedy subscription pricing model, otherwise it is perfect for me; simply far too expensive for a simple tasklist manager, so I'll stick with the free version.
Оценка на 5 звезд:
1.I dislike that I must pay to use comments, and I dislike that there is no way to add a description to the task. I understand that in regards to the former that you need to make money, but the latter issue makes it clunky if one has a long and complicated task with resources one must past links to in. But I do appreciate the app and am impressed with how consistently you stay on top of squashing bugs. Keep it up! Can't wait to see kanban implemented!
2.I am back on 5 stars because of the recent changes with the alarm function. Now, the app does everything I need, and there is no better one! Having a task widget added to my home screen is a game changer because I can add a task within literally seconds!
3.Widget on android now has thick lines separating each task and date, makes it much harder to read. Why change it when it worked much better before? At least add the option to remove the thick lines. Used the app for a long time and it has one of the best widgets, please don't take that title away :(
4.I have been using this application for a year now and I've absolutely loved it. The bugs are fixed, thanks for that quick response, enjoying the application, cheers!
5.Could you please remove white delimeter in app's widget? It's appeared after the latest update
6.I love Todoist, and being a subscriber for years, I can say Todoist is a reliable and awesome app to manage my tasks. Customer support is very helpful, and their product development is fast at creating new features and at fixing any possible problem. I warmly recommend Todoist.
7.Absolutely insane to do listing app. It has all the basic features required. Basically it mets all the benchmarks I have set. It is simple and easy to use along with not being cringe by asking for 100000 different things to list a simple work. It's widget is the one that I like more than the app !!!! I will give it 10 ✨ if it was possible . Great work !
8.Used to use another until their servers become redundant. searched for replacement, tried out many. Todoist fit the bill for just my requirement. no nagging ads yet, seamless addition of tasks. keywords based identification of time, repeated tasks or a weekly(idk what you call it technically). some features do have paywall, although i dont have a need for paid features yet but would bet its worth every penny.
9.As of the update two days ago, the android app crashes immediately and is completely unusable. Plus a crash notification shows up constantly even when I'm not using the app, interrupting whatever I'm doing.
10.I recently tried out the Todoist app, and I have to say, it's a fantastic task management tool. This app makes organizing tasks a breeze. With its user-friendly interface and customizable features, it suits the needs of programmers and anyone looking to boost their productivity. Managing projects and deadlines has never been easier!
11.For context I primarily use this app as the widget. Todoist takes the simple todo list and elevates it to its highest potential. The layout is clean and well thought out. The complete sound is satisfying. The ability to change a tasks properties using word shortcuts is genius. The best thing is the free version has everything you need. Karma points are also a fun bonus touch. It's a productivity must have. I also haven't used project or labels as I've never needed them.
12.If you want to change your life, this is the one app that you need. Whether you are a student, worker or entrepreneur. It is simple but so well-put-together. It outclasses apps like notion as to do list, productivity manager and habit tracker. It's free version is perfect for personal use as 5 projects is enough for things like work, studies, habits and tasks. Widgets are good. but one area of lack is an inbuilt "calendar view" which would make it easier to visualise time.
13.Update: 5 stars. September update killed app. TDI contacted quick after neg. review but I already uninstalled, reinstalled which fixed problem. Was using TDI free for years w/o any problems until that update. Love Joplin but need a task app & ToDoist delivers. I set up filters for tags & time so I can see "Priority Next 48 Hrs", "School next 14 days", etc. Going back for a degree at age 40+ & have seamless flow between phone, tablet, laptop, & integrating w/ Gmail. Considering upgrading to Pro.
14.My favorite to-do list app! The interface looks clean and it's simple to use. Adding tasks is very customizable. I love the new feature to set tasks for a duration of time. I would also love the ability to add a task as a note. It could be helpful for things like grocery lists
15.Best app in its category out there! Thanks to Todoist I get everything I need to get done, done. Not only me, but everyone else I add into a project as well. (On an aside: if you guys could please give an update to have the comment session always start at the latest comments it would be a game changer 🔥 all the scrolling to the bottom can get exhausting, makes me not even want to know what people are saying)🥲
16.ToDoIst helps me do life. I've been using it in a work context for the past 2 years and transferred my personal tasks into (a second account) recently. I couldn't be more pleased with the platform. I use the Gmail and Google Calendar integrations, they are seemless. I really appreciate the continuous improvement of the platform and the productivity based learners they have weaved in. I'll be looking into reclaim.ai integrations next 🥰
17.This is my favorite to do list app! I would use motion if it were as used friendly as this app. But todoist is so much more efficient and smooth (fewer clicks to create tasks for example). And you can categorize lists but also filter those same tasks based on things like high priority or tasks that require you to leave your house. Search todoist filter/label tutorials!
18.Excellent app. Plenty of features but still intuitive to use. I love that you can set recurring reminders. I'd also like to say that I really appreciate the developer's commitment to constantly improving the app. They even have a support ticket system dedicated to this app, and they reply promptly. This kind of service is rare these days; a lot of companies will develop a product and won't continue to improve it or make bugfixes. Todoist is definitely worth the money, I love it.
19.The app is phenomenal, nothing else to say. It does what it's supposed to, do to-do lists, but also does so much more. It has helped arrange my personal and educational life, and truly helped me track my tasks with ease. Sometimes I do encounter server dropouts, but they occur far in between and is resolved quite quick. Hands down one of the best apps I have used, and is clearly ahead of many other apps 💛
20.This is a slick app!! Really enjoyed it for the short while I tried out and loved the natural language processing and quick easy entry experience. Ultimately, I uninstalled it because I wanted to have AI scheduling and time management features and the AI apps I trialled don't integrate with repeat tasks in ToDoist. Shame, because when they do I can't wait to get back using this app